what is up guys karma medic here and
welcome back to another dose yesterday
I've got a little bit of a busy and
interesting day so I thought I would
take you guys along with me and vlog it
I'm currently heading to my first class
in the morning where I'm doing a
presentation on HIV and vaccine
development feeling a little bit nervous
but it's only about 12 minutes with
three minutes of questions so I should
be okay if I can't I'll try and record
something of it and then later in the
day I'm meeting up with Kenji and
Georgina two of my closest friends here
at Kings to practice ah skis so we're
preparing for our clinical exams that
are gonna be next week and I'll walk you
guys through a little bit more of that
later on in the day but yeah for now
it's currently almost 9 a.m. I really
need to go cuz we're starting at 9:30
and I'll see you guys at school please
alright so I have managed to make it to
uni I am definitely a little bit late
but let's hope I'm not that late gonna
walk in and do my presentation now and
hopefully everything goes well I'll
catch up with you guys after I finished
my presentation
[Music]
all right so good morning everyone the
paper that I was assigned to make a
presentation on today is titled a he
expressed ECT 4ig provides durable
protection from multiple ship challenges
now I know that that title can be quite
intimidating to read at first glance let
me try and break it down into simpler
terms and you can see that for the full
duration of being surrounded for nine
weeks the mice that we give an ECG 4rg
were protected I was giving a
presentation on HIV and vaccine
development my paper was specifically
looking at one of the ways that you can
use a vector and then associated virus
to administer antibodies into humans
passively really interesting stuff and I
think it went fairly well I wasn't
really not nervous which is great I came
up here so I could enjoy the Sun a
little bit which has just disappeared
unfortunately ah there we go it's coming
back and it's gone again man London
London weathers bipolar as hell so for
the rest of the day I've got two big
things planned the first things I have a
personal tutor meeting at 2:00 p.m. so
at Kings you're assigned to a personal
tutor who basically you go to if you
have any problems relating to academics
at school or even relating to personal
life so thankfully I'm not experiencing
any of that right now but every couple
of months you have to meet with your
personal tutor and get a form signed off
shortly after that I'm meeting with
Kenji and Georgina we're gonna meet in a
group together to practice for our Oski
exams so I'll definitely be filming when
I do that and I'll bring you guys along
for the whole experience
[Music]
so in our second year at King's College
London we don't only have written exams
we also have these practical exams that
are called the Pastis and in them it's
kind of like an MMI you have to go into
multiple different stations and do a
range of different things so some of
them can be exploring and explaining a
disease with a patient it can be like
focused history taking so a patient
comes in complaining of chest pain and
you have to take their history and ask
all the right questions it can also be
something like a clinical skill so for
example taking blood pressure giving an
injection of insulin or something like
that so to give you guys a little bit of
an update about my week yesterday we had
this section of the upper limb so that
means from the shoulders all the way
down to the hands and honestly guys that
was kind of crazy it's amazing to see
how many different tendons and ligaments
you have in your hands to be able to
move your fingers and whatnot and I have
to go commit all of that to memory and
it's something I'll work on slowly
slowly and I'll get to it and then after
this section yesterday we had a huge for
our
oski session it was really really tiring
but we got to do a lot of different
stations that might come up and we got a
lot of useful practice in so yesterday
we actually covered a lot of the talking
elements of our upcoming ah skis so
dealing with patients who want to go
through weight loss and they're sort of
embarrassed or unsure about how to do
that or having patients come in who are
upset because their husband came to
visit the GP and we can't give out any
information about that so today what
we're gonna focus on is more of the
clinical skills so we're going to go to
the Chandler's Sale building which is a
clinical building on our compass and we
can rent out like blood pressure meter
we can rent needles and syringes to
practice our insulin injections and
things like that so that's what we're
gonna try and focus on today to get a
little bit more the clinical skills are
hi guys so I've just found an empty
classroom so I can sit down have my
lunch and have a quick chat with my
girlfriend I got wasabi like I mentioned
in my 5k Q&A guys no sabe it's a little
bit hot it's a little bit spicy for me
just the white boy not used to the chili
just going to munch this have a quick
chat and then I'm gonna have to run off
to my personal tutor meeting catch up
with you guys after that
pull up the stairs so me and Kenji just
went to the Chandler sale building and
we asked to borrow a couple of things
like blood pressure and equipment for a
subcutaneous injection and they told us
there was this room where we could go
that had a bunch of a bunch of equipment
that we could try out so this is what we
found to even have for like basic life
support check it out you can do the head
tilt chin there that's awesome
semion Kenji we also go a couple of
needles so for instance stuff like that
that's mainly what we wanted to practice
today so we're gonna get to that and
I'll show you a little bit of it now
[Music]
me and man's like Kenji we're gonna run
through the blood pressure simulation
for us Keys should be simple I should
get two right but if a normal just speed
up and you won't know if I find nice to
take your blood pressure today
it's a really simple procedure that's
just gonna move me placing a cuff around
your arm and then having a little bit
but listen with my stethoscope is that
alright with you
[Music]
we've just covered subcutaneous
injections and administration of insulin
injections we also ran through blood
pressure a couple of times to make sure
that we have that down now kenji is
gonna show me how to do many puncture
because I've never done venipuncture
before he's done a couple of times on
the ward and in hospital as well so he's
gonna run through that for me now
[Music]
someone do a cannulation which isn't
like a permanent need electricity oh
it's actually neither does it I always
think that it was the fastest first time
taking blood
[Music]
yeah got it all the way down let's go
good job
don't take too much though
yeah
yes alright guys so we just got kicked
out of that Chandler Sale building they
close at 4:30 so unfortunately we can't
be there for any longer but we practiced
a bunch of things including getting
blood drawn that was really exciting
shoutout to Kenji who's holding the
camera trusty P giving me his arm so
yeah we got kicked out of there so now
we're just sitting in an empty classroom
we're gonna practice a couple more
clinical skills and then see where the
day takes us [ __ ] you soon that is it
for me and Ken G's auskey prep for today
we honestly got in a really good session
deal of clinical skills and a lot of
patient talking as well history taking
and things like that now I'm just gonna
head straight home probably take the
rest of the day off maybe do a little
bit of administrative work catch up on
some YouTube stuff reply to all your
comments because I released a video
today I'll see you guys at home when I'm
all settled in I'm finally home now
that's that [ __ ] that's the end of my
day as far as productivity and
practicing for the Oscars goes had a
really productive day so I'm happy to
take the rest of the day off and not
studying I'm gonna quickly make some
dinner just take it easy and relax I've
got an early wakeup tomorrow because I'm
going to the GP and we have quite a long
day there of seeing patients and doing
even more practice for the all skis
[Music]
so thank you so much for watching this
vlog I hope you guys have enjoyed it if
you want me to do any more vlogs do
leave a comment down below like this
video and subscribe to my channel if you
want to see any more videos from me and
I'll see you guys shortly in the next
video peace
you